---
title: 'ExtJS: An introduction (and then some!)'
template: meetup.jade
date: 2016-02-03
time: 6:30-8pm
location: 1100 Manor Drive, Chalfont PA, 18914
speaker: Frank Zammetti
eventId: 228008486
---

Hi Everyone 

We have our February meetup all ready to go! Join us at 6:30pm for networking,
talk starts at 7, all the normal stuff. For this month we have one of our
members, __Frank Zammetti__ giving a talk about ExtJS.

__ExtJS: An introduction (and then some!)__

Choosing a library/toolkit for your next project from among the seemingly
thousands that are available is a tall order for any architect/developer.
Whether to choose one all-encompassing package or go the microlibrary approach
is a key question and it becomes even more difficult when the goal is to create
a powerful SPA that looks, feels and functions like a proper native desktop
application does.

If you prefer the monolithic approach then ExtJS is often a great choice. A
commercial (also with a F/OSS option) tool that has evolved over many years,
ExtJS provides everything a modern JS developer needs, from one of the most
robust set of widgets available to a powerful data handling subsystem, all the
usual utility-type functions you could ever need and even an optional back-end
system.

In this talk, you'll get an introductory-level look at what ExtJS can do.
You'll see some examples of various use cases from the simple (dropping some
ExtJS widgets in an existing project) to the complex (a full-fledged
application with many capabilities rivaling a native application). You'll get
an overview of the vast array of capabilities ExtJS provides and see plenty of
live code examples so you can get a good feel for how it all works. You'll hear
about the pros and cons of ExtJS so that you can make an informed decision
about using it and you'll hear about real-world experience, both good and bad,
of using it to produce applications that are more complex than what is probably
typical.

See you then!
